Darius-Florentin Neatu 
290 Sp.Independentei St, Bl P16 Apt 4, 060029,Bucharest 
 +40 762 935 161 |  neatudarius@gmail.com |  neatudarius |  neatudarius 
“Make the change that you want to see in the world.” 
October 20, 2019 
Dear Mr./Ms., 
I am writing this letter to express my interest in your Software Engineer Intern position for the summer of 2017. 
This would be a great opportunity for me to put into practice all the skills and knowledge accumulated, and it would give me a chance to help build reliable and innovative software. 
Me 
I am genuinely passionate about Computer Science and Technology, pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and Engineering at University Politehnica of Bucharest and I am constantly looking for a challenge. 
Why me? 
I believe that my previous summer internship experience, undergraduate coursework such as Analysis and Design of Algo rithms or Object Oriented Programming and extracurricular activities have helped me develop a solid background relevant for this role. 
During last years, I had also participated to programming contests such as Olympiad of Computer Science and ACM ICPC Programming Contest and hackathons too. I am also an undergraduate teaching assistant at my university. 
My past activities improved my communication and technical skills and provided a good background in algorithms and data structures. 
My thoughts 
I hope that my solid background and enthusiasm will make the difference and you will consider me for the position. I have enclosed a copy for my resume that will provide you with further information. 
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to hearing from you. 
Sincerely, 
Darius-Florentin Neat

 290,Splaiul Independentei
Bucharest ,060042
December 14,2015



Denisa Sandu
Recruting Officer
Mapamond
290 Sp. Independentei Street, 
Bucharest, Romania


Dear Miss Sandu,

I am writing  in connection with the post advertised on Facebook recruitment group on 8 December.
I am a 20 year  old student  in my  sophomore year , studying for a bachelor degree in Computer Science from the Politehnic University of Bucharest and I had during  the last 2 years different experiences in Data Structures and Algorithms due to the homeworks I’ve had.

I am a real fast-learner and I would love to work in a Programming Language that your company is developing right now. I consider my strongest points to be the fact that I can work pretty well under
pressure and the fact that I am almost always on time with the projects. Despite that, I prefer to have longer time and the result project to be good instead of little time and bad results . I also got some experience in working with people since during my last job I had to directly talk to my team and take decisions togheter for the good of the project.

I have enclosed my CV and would be glad to attend an interview .


Yours Sincerely

Neculai-Ovidiu Istrate

Ebony Moore
(123) 456-7891
emoore@email.com
May 1, 2018
Dear Hiring Manager,
I'm excited to be applying for the Software Engineer position at River Tech. As someone who is highly focused and attentive to detail, I thrive on building quality systems that surpass end users' expectations. I'm thrilled at the opportunity to show off my technical expertise and leadership skills as part of River Tech's expert team.
During my previous role at Crane & Jenkins, I was charged with developing innovative solutions across a variety of software platforms. I was instrumental in developing mobile-ready expense tracking software for our fast-growing portfolio of real estate clients. In 2016, I led the development of a proprietary document management system and was responsible for the successful migration of all client content from our legacy system to the new platform.
I am also attentive to the need for continued process improvements. When we faced repeated deadline delays due to Quality Assurance challenges, I proposed and carried out the implementation of an automated bug tracking system to identify potential issues earlier in the development cycle. This resulted in an average of 43% fewer defects reported during late-stage QA reviews and a 32% reduction in days between project kickoff and production launch.
Thank you for your time and consideration. I'm looking forward to learning more details about the Software Engineer position at River Tech. I'm excited about the opportunity to leverage my unique range of skills, and I'm eager to demonstrate my commitment to developing world-class software solutions for River Tech.
Sincerely,
Ebony Moor


Anthony Applicant
567 North Street
Boston, MA 02108
555-555.5555
anthony.applicant@email.com
March 9, 2021
Eric Lee
Chief Technology Officer
Global Data
123 Business Rd.
Business City, NY 54321
Dear Mr. Lee:
This letter is to express my interest in your posting on Dice.com for an experienced Software Developer. With a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Master’s degree in Information Technology, and hands-on experience using .Net languages to create and implement software applications, I am confident I will be an asset to your organization.
I enjoy being challenged and engaging with projects that require me to work outside my comfort and knowledge set, as continuing to learn new languages and development techniques are important to me and the success of your organization.
Your listed requirements closely match my background and skills. A few I would like to highlight that would enable me to contribute to your bottom line are:
•	Highly skilled in designing, testing, and developing software
•	Thorough understanding of data structures and algorithms
•	Knowledgeable of back-end development best practices
•	Hands-on software troubleshooting experience
•	Proven track record of proper documentation for future maintenance and upgrades
I’ve attached a copy of my resume that details my projects and experience in software development. I can be reached anytime via my cell phone, 555-555-5555 or via email at name@gmail.com.
Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to speaking with you about this opportunity.
Sincerely,
Signature (hard copy letter)
Anthony Applicant

Marvin Bale
12 Shock Road, Hinderland, NY 84560
Cell: (555) 474-65378
marvbale@example.com

February 22, 2018

Lolita C. Jackson
Flagship Technologies Ltd.
23 Masters Road
Hinderland, NY 89874
Dear Mrs. C. Jackson,
It is with deep interest that I submit my application for the Software Engineer post as advertised on softtoolhr.com. The position is definitely an ideal chance in view if my strong technical expertise, over 10 years' experience in various areas across security, network engineering, software coding, architecture and IT project supervision and management.
I am currently the Jackheat South Town Technologies Chief Software Engineer, a role I have held for six years. In this position I lead and supervise technology projects, performance and quality enhancements and craft product offers with an impact on the organization's bottom line. Through my increasing experience and progressive professional development my managed skills in IT have been refined and business insight enhanced resulting in inspired IT solutions, improved profits and cost reductions. All these accomplishments are directly through successful team work and collaborations with diverse stakeholders, efficient team management and calculated allocation of resources.
Before this position I was the Georgetown Security Solutions Software Engineer. As the leader of the security company's software management and design for DoD (Department of Defense) contracts, I was able to implement continued cost cutting initiatives and saving methodology while significantly contributing to business planning and development areas.
The enclosed CV offers a detailed picture of my accomplishments, expertise and qualifications in Software Engineering. I am reachable by mail or phone to discuss your software engineering needs and expectations and how my skills can meet these requirements.
I look forward to speaking with you soon.
Sincerely,
Marvin Bale
(555) 474-65378

ody Fredrickson
(123) 456-7891
cfredrickson@email.com
May 1, 2018
Dear Hiring Manager,
I am pleased to be applying for the Web Developer position at River Tech. My extensive experience with designing and developing websites using C#, Java, and Ruby on Rails matches well with your requirements. In addition, my background with working in large development teams has given me the skills to adjust to the changing dynamics and processes of those environments while meeting scheduled milestones and deliverables.
In my previous experience at Cloud Clearwater, I developed several web-based applications for a project management software client. These cloud-based applications tracked and managed information technology project information for several of the world's largest financial companies. I was involved in the design and development process for all applications, and I managed enhancement requests after each rollout.
I am a proven team player, which is another important requirement for this position. I was recently voted by my peers to receive Cloud Clearwater's Distinguished Developer Award for exhibiting ideal teamwork traits, including reliability, good communication, commitment, adaptability, and going above and beyond what is asked. Management also recognized my accomplishments in meeting project deliverable deadlines over 99% of the time, exceeding expectations by 5%.
Thank you for taking the time to review my credentials and accomplishments. I am very passionate about being a competent and contributing team player, and I hope to have the opportunity to discuss my examples in greater detail with you. I look forward to answering your questions and learning more about this position and your development teams.
Sincerely,
Cody Fredrickson

Malik Rabb
(123) 456-7891
mrabb@email.com
May 1, 2018
Dear Hiring Manager,
I am excited to be applying for Crane & Jenkins' Engineering Intern position. I am a third-year engineering student at Green Valley State University. My degree emphasis is in Civil Engineering, and I have completed 75% of my major's requirements, including the required classes as outlined in your job description. What has motivated me to apply to this position is your firm's participation in several key infrastructure projects near my home and the ability for this position to be a part of that work.
Last summer, I worked as an Engineering Intern for TradeLot, a large retail enterprise with locations across the United States. I worked directly with their small engineering team to develop structural and property plans for several of their franchises, and several of my designs were approved for their final planning stage. Although your job description prefers someone with an interest in both structural and property engineering, I have experience in both and am eager to continue in these lines of engineering work.
My academic accomplishments also exceed your requirements. I currently have a 3.9/4.0 GPA in all coursework and a 3.9/4.0 in my major. Earlier this year, my school's engineering department recognized me as the top junior engineering student, which is also a reflection on my leadership, project, and teamwork skills. These traits will transfer to your internship position and make a noticeable contribution to Crane & Jenkins.
Thank you for reviewing my background in consideration for your internship opportunity. I would be encouraged to have the opportunity to meet with you to discuss more details of my coursework, prior internship, and other experiences relative to your position and company.
Sincerely,
Malik Rabb

December 14, 2015
Denisa Sandu
Mapamond
290 Sp. Independentei Street, Bucharest

RE: Software Developer

Dear Denisa Sandu,
	I’m contacting you in regards to the position of software developer at Mapamond, advertised in the University Politehnica of Bucharest, Faculty of Automatic Control and Computer Science on December 08, 2015. I am very interested in further information about the position and in filling out an application form.
	During the first year of faculty, I gained knowledge of data structures (during the promotion of data structure course) and knowledge of operating systems (during the promotion of utilization of operating systems course).
	Both for college and as a hobby I learned some programming languages such as Python, C/C++, Java, PHP, HTML, Matlab and CSS. In my free time I also learned about sorting algorithms, but when I will finish the Analysis of Algorithms course my experience with algorithms will be even more improved.
	I love working in a team and I successfully improved my team skills during hight school. Additionally I had a good command of English.
	With my skill set and proven track record, I can be a valuable addition to Mapamond. I can be reached for an interview at your convenience.

Sincerely,
Vlad Fasie
0733286063
vladfasie@gmail.com



